B2. Exact Neighbours (Medium)
The only difference between this and the hard version is that a1=0ğ‘1=0.
After some recent attacks on Hogwarts Castle by the Death Eaters, the Order of the Phoenix has decided to station nğ‘› members in Hogsmead Village. The houses will be situated on a picturesque nÃ—nğ‘›Ã—ğ‘› square field. Each wizard will have their own house, and every house will belong to some wizard. Each house will take up the space of one square.
However, as you might know wizards are very superstitious. During the weekends, each wizard iğ‘– will want to visit the house that is exactly aiğ‘ğ‘– (0â‰¤aiâ‰¤n)(0â‰¤ğ‘ğ‘–â‰¤ğ‘›) away from their own house. The roads in the village are built horizontally and vertically, so the distance between points (xi,yi)(ğ‘¥ğ‘–,ğ‘¦ğ‘–) and (xj,yj)(ğ‘¥ğ‘—,ğ‘¦ğ‘—) on the nÃ—nğ‘›Ã—ğ‘› field is |xiâˆ’xj|+|yiâˆ’yj||ğ‘¥ğ‘–âˆ’ğ‘¥ğ‘—|+|ğ‘¦ğ‘–âˆ’ğ‘¦ğ‘—|. The wizards know and trust each other, so one wizard can visit another wizard's house when the second wizard is away. The houses to be built will be big enough for all nğ‘› wizards to simultaneously visit any house.
Apart from that, each wizard is mandated to have a view of the Hogwarts Castle in the north and the Forbidden Forest in the south, so the house of no other wizard should block the view. In terms of the village, it means that in each column of the nÃ—nğ‘›Ã—ğ‘› field, there can be at most one house, i.e. if the iğ‘–-th house has coordinates (xi,yi)(ğ‘¥ğ‘–,ğ‘¦ğ‘–), then xiâ‰ xjğ‘¥ğ‘–â‰ ğ‘¥ğ‘— for all iâ‰ jğ‘–â‰ ğ‘—.
The Order of the Phoenix doesn't yet know if it is possible to place nğ‘› houses in such a way that will satisfy the visit and view requirements of all nğ‘› wizards, so they are asking for your help in designing such a plan.
If it is possible to have a correct placement, where for the iğ‘–-th wizard there is a house that is aiğ‘ğ‘– away from it and the house of the iğ‘–-th wizard is the only house in their column, output YES, the position of houses for each wizard, and to the house of which wizard should each wizard go during the weekends.
If it is impossible to have a correct placement, output NO.
Tags -constructive algorithms
Tags -*2100
